liverpool-walk-tutorial/source/index.rst, before:

.. Liverpool Stone Soup Walk Tutorial documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Wed Jan 16 04:45:47 2019.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Liverpool Stone Soup Walk Tutorial
==================================

This is a step-by-step tutorial/guide to setting up Stone Soup for development purposes.

+---------------------------------------------+
| Target Software versions                    |
+==============+==============================+
| OS           | Windows 7, 8, 10 (MWS)       |
+--------------+------------------------------+
| Python       | 3.5, 3.6, 3.7                |
+--------------+------------------------------+
| Stone Soup   | any                          |
+--------------+------------------------------+

.. note::
    This installation tutorial is aimed for Windows 10 (both Generic and MWS) systems. However, the described process should be mostly identical for machines running on Windows 7 or 8.x. 

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 5
   :caption: Contents:

   installation



Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

Updated documentation to factor in MWS machines

liverpool-walk-tutorial/source/index.rst, after:

.. Liverpool Stone Soup Walk Tutorial documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Wed Jan 16 04:45:47 2019.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Liverpool Stone Soup Walk Tutorial
==================================

This is a step-by-step tutorial/guide to setting up Stone Soup for development purposes.

+---------------------------------------------+
| Target Software versions                    |
+==============+==============================+
| OS           | Windows 7, 8, 10 (MWS)       |
+--------------+------------------------------+
| Python       | 3.5, 3.6, 3.7                |
+--------------+------------------------------+
| Stone Soup   | any                          |
+--------------+------------------------------+

.. note::
    This installation tutorial is aimed for Windows 10 (both Generic and MWS) systems. However, the described process should be mostly identical for machines running on Windows 7 or 8.x. 

    In the context of this document, the term MWS will be used to refer to MWS machines for which the user does NOT have administrative priviledges, e.g. the lab/library computers.
    
.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 5
   :caption: Contents:

   installation



Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
